[processor/cumulativetodelta] Convert cumulative Histograms to delta temporality (#12423) (#12563)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/cumulativetodeltaprocessor/README.md

        # convert all cumulative sum or histogram metrics to delta
```

## Feature gate configurations

> The **processor.cumulativetodeltaprocessor.EnableHistogramSupport** feature flag controls whether cumulative histograms will be converted to delta temporality or not. It is disabled by default, meaning histograms will not be modified by the processor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **processor.cumulativetodeltaprocessor.EnableHistogramSupport** feature flag controls whether cumulative histograms delta conversion is supported or not. It is disabled by default, meaning histograms will not be modified by the processor.  If enabled, which histograms are converted is still subjected to the processor's include/exclude filtering.
```
